Now we can look at what happens when we
transition away from our start state.
What conditions will result in a string
that is not accepted by our automaton?
From our definition that would be a string
that contains three or more ‘B’s in a row.
Therefore, we need to add more states:
One for one ‘B’ in a row, named ‘1’;
one for two ‘B’s in a row, named ‘2’;
and one for three or more ‘B’s in a row, named ‘3’.
We can connect them with ‘B’ transitions.
Each transition represents an increment
of the number of ‘B’s in a row by one.
What can we interpret from these new states?
We know from our definition that if there are
zero, one or two ‘B’s in a row,
that string so far is still acceptable.
Therefore, we can call States
1 and 2 accepting states also.
We get to State 3 after three
‘B’ transitions in a row,
so this must be our non-accepting state.
No matter what character we put in after this,
we already know that there have been
three ‘B’s in a row and so the string is not acceptable.
Let’s show this by adding a loop transition
back to State 3 and calling that ‘A, B’.
Both ‘A’ and ‘B’ follow this transition.
State 3 can also be called a trap state,
as once we get there, there is no transition out again.